all right so I'm gonna show you how to
download the Naza MV to ordenanza light
software to setup a DJI phantom phantom
to DJI f450 f-550 or any custom built
drone using a nasa flight controller so
go ahead and open your internet browser
and Google for the DJI here you can see
there's a couple options down here
the most basic way just go to their main
page and go to products and select NASA
mv2 if you're using that NASA and v2 or
NASA M light if you're flying with the
Naza M light I'm gonna go ahead and
select Naza M v2 this is the flight
controller for the phantom phantom 2 and
phantom 2 vision and so on so here we go
select that once we're here we have a
bunch of information about it if you
want to learn more about it go through
this it's got a lot of good stuff just
to get the software go ahead and go to
downloads up here now if you're running
Windows you have to download the NASA M
v2 assistant software zip or executable
here and you also need to download the
driver so that when you plug in your
phantom or flight controller and your
computer will be able to recognize it if
you're using Mac just go ahead and
download this dmg file and you'll be
able to run your assistant setup so go
ahead and click that it'll download now
it should show up in your downloads
folder here if not it'll be somewhere
else and go ahead and go find it there
go ahead and open that dmg file and
you'll see NASA M applications it's a
pretty common little procedure here just
drag it to your Applications folder and
it'll load there I already have the
application in my folder so I'm going to
go ahead and say stop now you can eject
the dmg file and you're good to go if
you go check your applications you'll
see the Naza M v2 assistant software is
there if you go ahead and double click
that you can say skip here and you'll
see that your software is here if you
haven't already signed in with your DJI
account go ahead and do that if you have
you probably see this message you can
say don't show again if you
the current firmware already so I'm
gonna go ahead and close that and you'll
see here's the software check out my
next video for a description of each tab
and how to use all the different tools
in the Naza assistant software thanks